# 2025-02-19
## KB and NM planning meeting
- genetic data from KB in data/parent_effects_H2F
- NM and KB - update GitHub readmes for data and code
  - In data folder ReadMes - data file x gets produced in code file y
  - Opposite for src folder
- NM - run multiple regression with genetic data whoo hoo!
- NM - update Surv_Length_Envr csv site names with S/W labels
- NM - Check in with Madeline on field environmental data and Camille for field performance data
- KB - send NM partial Mantel code
- NM - partial Mantel tests- performance ~ environment controlling for genetics, performance ~ genetics controlling for environment
- NM - put Mantel test data into GitHub, save pairwise matrices in pairwise folder
- Mess around with Viridis color scheme

## Agenda for Friday 2/21
- Color scheme
- Review new analyses/figures
- Select main figures for manuscript if possible
- Do we feel like the GitHub organization is good?
- Ask crew about Mantel test visualizations - we had heatmaps, but that's getting to be a lot
  - FST heatmap is good, envr heatmap is nice, but do we want performance ones?
  - Would we rather do scatterplots?
  - Will depend on if results come back significant
- Gulf of Mexico.
- Feasible to do a writing brainstorming in two weeks? Or big analysis review party to determine main takeaways/messaging?

Kiran OutFLANK/gene enrichment question:
- I know I’m supposed to use the thinned SNP set for Fst and the full SNP set for gene enrichment. Since I look for Fst outliers with OutFLANK and then use that data to decide which SNPs to do the GO analysis on, should I put the thinned set or full set into OutFLANK?
- Thinning for LD with bigsnpr is a step for OutFLANK. When I do this on the full SNP set, I just get the number in the thinned SNP set, which makes sense.
- Should I just use the thinned set then? But we had said that GO should use the full set. 

